README.md, before:

![eth](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/img/logo-eth.png)  
![logo ait](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/img/logo-ait.png)


# Music planing App, Group 4
#### Fabian, Oliver, Guy and Pius

## Resources here:

See the [google drive folder](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=1PBzoqfXrZz1RT7WT0kP88RAMHMnA3gEM).

## W1: Project description

The goal of this project is to improve the effectiveness of practise sessions when preparing for the performance of a musical piece.
From this definition of our goal we understand the target audience to be musicians coming from the whole spectrum of expertise.
Ranging from student to pro, we try to provide a way to plan and keep track of one's journey towards perfectioning each piece.  

## W2: Stakeholder
The project was made in collaboration with Ivan Basic (ZHdK). We met with him in the second week to talk about his ideas and to get a better understanding of the project.
Between the lines we read (other verb?) that some musicians have the problem of not being disciplined or losing focus when practicing. See the [transcript of the meeting](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/transcript%20stakeholder%20meeting.md) for more details.
The project therefore aims to resolve this issue and provide a way to bring structure to the musician's practice sessions.



See the [google drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1PBzoqfXrZz1RT7WT0kP88RAMHMnA3gEM) for everything, the [transcripts, recordings](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kx0EszdkyByjEh_52i8lY7bDUfpFhElt) and [Ivan's practice formula](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1enS73yaeMvfAof8zEtGe3URoXVIFXiKN) .

## W3: Needfinding
This week was about needfinding and getting an even better understanding of the project. 
Through the [affinity clustering](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/affinity%20clustering.md), each member of the group recapitulated the discussion with Ivan and wrote down first observations. This required each team member to think about the meeting and find words for this persional impressions. 
The Observations on the cards got grouped together to form categories of our choice. This process, and sharing the individual
thoughts on each cards, lead us to broughter insights on the situation.

We also invented three individual personas which should serve us as guidance. We created them such that they serve us as
target audience. By describing their situation and therefore their needs, we now have good reference when making decisions.
### The personas
[Jason](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/persona%20jesse.pdf), 27, a typical music student looking for an efficient way to study.  
[Alana](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/persona%20alana.pdf), 19, an ambitious high school student working towards a music competition while trying to have as much free time as possible.  
[Jennifer](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/persona%20jennifer.pdf), 34, a music teacher looking for a way to help her students even when she's not around.


## W4: Ideation

With the help of our personas and a basic understanding of our goal we could now explore the whole designspace we're in.
The idea is to [brainstorm](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/brainstorm.md): thinking in any direction without caring about implementability or any other real world problems. Since there
exist no bad ideas in this context, we had quite a bit of banter. ![Alt Text](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6Ztd5vx7mxQ4AkQU/giphy.gif)

From this we narrowed down and fleshed out three main prototypes. Since we already had a lot of ideas through the brainstorm and the work done in the weeks before, this task was relatively easy. The hardest part was dumping glorious thoughts which turned out to be not that promising after all. We still tried to create three totaly different prototypes. Each one should solve the problem in it's own way to not miss any perspective. The result was [presented](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/prototypes%20presentation.pdf) the week after in class to get a first review. After minor changes the ideas of our prototypes were presented our stakeholder Ivan.


### Prototypes
Like said before there are three main protorypes we made out of 



 - [x] [Prototyping tasks, and method](prototyping.md). Ideas and Paper Prototypes [here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10CVHXfA1JW3Ph6q94s2lhHrnAcaD1S9m).


### Evaluation

**Deliverable**
[Study Evaluation](https://drive.google.com/open?id=15YFrPI7QrqSo3qYAzOoYwXc_t-SHh-Vy)

---

**In Progress**

 - [ ] [Test Protocol](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1XmtqLUtddxwxh6kEhFyDwKhBKJgn52R8SuSEwdxx8_o)
 - [ ] user evaluations
 - [ ] analysis

    > TODO
    Describe your approach for evaluating your low-fi prototypes, present your results and your conclusion. 
    Upload the document shared with the stakeholder to the "deliverables" folder and include the link here.

    Optional: in this part you can also document the prototyping process: show different iterations, as well as failed ideas (Weeks 6-10)

## TODO

- [ ] blog post format
    - [ ] [personas](blog/personas.md)
    - [ ] [initial ideas](blog/initial_ideas.md).
    - [ ] [evaluation](blog/evaluation.md)

    >TODO
    >Start with the key requirements/needs of the users / the company
    >Then list your initial ideas (min. 3) with a brief description.
    >Describe your approach for evaluating your low-fi prototypes, present your results and your conclusion. 
    >Upload the document shared with the stakeholder to the "deliverables" folder and include the link here.

## Final solution

TODO
    > TODO
    > Describe your final solution to the problem and the prototype you developed in more detail here.
    > Upload your video to the "deliverables" folder and include the link here. 
    > (Weeks 10-14)

Commit message:

save
if i know break my fingers, at least there is some progress

README.md, after:

![eth](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/img/logo-eth.png)  
![logo ait](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/img/logo-ait.png)


# Music planing App, Group 4
#### Fabian, Oliver, Guy and Pius

## Resources here:

See the [google drive folder](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=1PBzoqfXrZz1RT7WT0kP88RAMHMnA3gEM).

## W1: Project description

The goal of this project is to improve the effectiveness of practise sessions when preparing for the performance of a musical piece.
From this definition of our goal we understand the target audience to be musicians coming from the whole spectrum of expertise.
Ranging from student to pro, we try to provide a way to plan and keep track of one's journey towards perfectioning each piece.  

## W2: Stakeholder
The project was made in collaboration with Ivan Basic (ZHdK). We met with him in the second week to talk about his ideas and to get a better understanding of the project.
Between the lines we read (other verb?) that some musicians have the problem of not being disciplined or losing focus when practicing. See the [transcript of the meeting](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/transcript%20stakeholder%20meeting.md) for more details.
The project therefore aims to resolve this issue and provide a way to bring structure to the musician's practice sessions.



See the [google drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1PBzoqfXrZz1RT7WT0kP88RAMHMnA3gEM) for everything, the [transcripts, recordings](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kx0EszdkyByjEh_52i8lY7bDUfpFhElt) and [Ivan's practice formula](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1enS73yaeMvfAof8zEtGe3URoXVIFXiKN) .

## W3: Needfinding
This week was about needfinding and getting an even better understanding of the project. 
Through the [affinity clustering](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/affinity%20clustering.md), each member of the group recapitulated the discussion with Ivan and wrote down first observations. This required each team member to think about the meeting and find words for this persional impressions. 
The Observations on the cards got grouped together to form categories of our choice. This process, and sharing the individual
thoughts on each cards, lead us to broughter insights on the situation.

We also invented three individual personas which should serve us as guidance. We created them such that they serve us as
target audience. By describing their situation and therefore their needs, we now have good reference when making decisions.
### The personas
[Jason](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/persona%20jesse.pdf), 27, a typical music student looking for an efficient way to study.  
[Alana](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/persona%20alana.pdf), 19, an ambitious high school student working towards a music competition while trying to have as much free time as possible.  
[Jennifer](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/persona%20jennifer.pdf), 34, a music teacher looking for a way to help her students even when she's not around.


## W4: Ideation

With the help of our personas and a basic understanding of our goal we could now explore the whole designspace we're in.
The idea is to [brainstorm](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/brainstorm.md): thinking in any direction without caring about implementability or any other real world problems. Since there
exist no bad ideas in this context, we had quite a bit of banter. ![Alt Text](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6Ztd5vx7mxQ4AkQU/giphy.gif)

From this we narrowed down and fleshed out three main prototypes. Since we already had a lot of ideas through the brainstorm and the work done in the weeks before, this task was relatively easy. The hardest part was dumping glorious thoughts which turned out to be not that promising after all. We still tried to create three totaly different prototypes. Each one should solve the problem in it's own way to not miss any perspective. The result was [presented](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/prototypes%20presentation.pdf) the week after in class to get a first review. After minor changes the ideas of our prototypes were presented our stakeholder Ivan.


### Prototypes
Like already said before, we created three main prototypes which could possible solve the goal. We tried to keep in mind our personas and the requirements we derived so far.  

[10-pi](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/ten-pi_app_prototype.pdf), an app with inbuild functionality to plan and keep track of ones progress.   

[bothofen](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/bothofen_prototype.pdf), a small gadget providing deeper insight into the music played and a way to connect with peers or teachers. [sketch 1](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/bothofen_skizze_1.png), [sketch 2](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/bothofen_skizze_2.png), [sketch 3](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/bothofen_skizze_3.png),  

[pi-ano](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/pi-ano_prototype.pdf), a smart piano including pretty much everything the two prototypes above provide.  

After a short discussion with our stakeholder Ivan it was clear to everyone that the app serves our goal and that we'd focus on this prototype. It made sense to us due to it's easy deployment and because everyone knows instantly how to use it. Furthermore, most people carry their phone with them already most of the time and it is capable of solving what we expect it to. The other prototypes helped us gaining insight into how the goals could also be achieved if portability was not a criteria. Unforunately it is and therefore we thought that we may overshoot the goal with a self-contained physical instance, even though it could provide even more than an app.

We created multiple paper prototypes of the app to get a feel for it. Each team member drew it's own paper prototype. Like this, each team member created it's own first app paper prototype unbiased. We created a [rough outline](https://github.com/eth-ait/hci-project-group-4/blob/master/content/prototyping_outline.md) so we could combine possibly good ideas more easily with each other. 
The result was a discussion of the result with each team member already having an own point of view. We sat down multiple times in the team, talking to potential future users in between, to get a feel what we need. 


 - [x] [Prototyping tasks, and method](prototyping.md). Ideas and Paper Prototypes [here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10CVHXfA1JW3Ph6q94s2lhHrnAcaD1S9m).


### Evaluation

**Deliverable**
[Study Evaluation](https://drive.google.com/open?id=15YFrPI7QrqSo3qYAzOoYwXc_t-SHh-Vy)

---

**In Progress**

 - [ ] [Test Protocol](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1XmtqLUtddxwxh6kEhFyDwKhBKJgn52R8SuSEwdxx8_o)
 - [ ] user evaluations
 - [ ] analysis

    > TODO
    Describe your approach for evaluating your low-fi prototypes, present your results and your conclusion. 
    Upload the document shared with the stakeholder to the "deliverables" folder and include the link here.

    Optional: in this part you can also document the prototyping process: show different iterations, as well as failed ideas (Weeks 6-10)

## TODO

- [ ] blog post format
    - [ ] [personas](blog/personas.md)
    - [ ] [initial ideas](blog/initial_ideas.md).
    - [ ] [evaluation](blog/evaluation.md)

    >TODO
    >Start with the key requirements/needs of the users / the company
    >Then list your initial ideas (min. 3) with a brief description.
    >Describe your approach for evaluating your low-fi prototypes, present your results and your conclusion. 
    >Upload the document shared with the stakeholder to the "deliverables" folder and include the link here.

## Final solution

TODO
    > TODO
    > Describe your final solution to the problem and the prototype you developed in more detail here.
    > Upload your video to the "deliverables" folder and include the link here. 
    > (Weeks 10-14)
